Welcome! Your Connect course will have activities that will require you to speak in the target language using a microphone.
This tutorial is designed to ensure that your system is compatible, you're able to set up your microphone,
and that you can complete these activities successfully.
For these activities, you can use a desktop, a laptop, or if you choose to use a tablet,
use the Connect app or a web browser.
Please make sure your web browser is compatible.
web browser is compatible. It is recommended to use Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, or Microsoft Edge to complete your activities on a PC.
The Safari browser may also be used if you're working on a tablet. You should now be prepared to begin your exercises.
When beginning your first recording exercise, once you hit record My Voice, you'll be prompted to allow McGraw-Hill access to your microphone so that your answers can be recorded.
Please allow access and then answer the question.
When your answer is complete, click on Stop Recording.
Now you have a few options.
You can play your recording to make sure you like how you've pronounced the words or answer the question.
If you want to try again, you can re-record your answer.
If you're satisfied with your recording, you can save it to be graded.
Remember to submit your assignment after you have saved the recording.
If you still have questions or concerns, please contact McGraw-Hill support, which is always available from the main Connect screen.